benight: v
	1. overtake with darkness or night
	2. envelop with social, intellectual, or moral darkness; "The benighted peoples of this area"
	3. make difficult to perceive by sight; "The foliage of the huge tree obscures the view of the lake"

finagle: v
	1. achieve something by means of trickery or devious methods

sedulous: a
	1. marked by care and persistent effort; "her assiduous attempts to learn French"; "assiduous research"; "sedulous pursuit of legal and moral principles"

eponym: n
	1. the name of a person for whom something is supposedly named; "Constantine I is the eponym for Constantinople"
	2. a name derived from the name of person (real or imaginary) as the name of Alexandria is derived from the name of its founder: Alexander the Great

stentorian: a
	1. used of the voice

pusillanimous: a
	1. lacking in courage and manly strength and resolution; contemptibly fearful

tot: v
	1. determine the sum of; "Add all the people in this town to those of the neighboring town"
tot: n
	1. a small amount (especially of a drink); "a tot of rum"
	2. a young child

frieze: n
	1. an architectural ornament consisting of a horizontal sculptured band between the architrave and the cornice
	2. a heavy woolen fabric with a long nap

garret: n
	1. floor consisting of open space at the top of a house just below roof; often used for storage

recondite: a
	1. difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge; "the professor's lectures were so abstruse that students tended to avoid them"; "a deep metaphysical theory"; "some recondite problem in historiography"

equivocate: v
	1. be deliberately ambiguous or unclear in order to mislead or withhold information

pantheon: n
	1. all the gods of a religion
	2. a monument commemorating a nation's dead heroes
	3. (antiquity) a temple to all the gods

defenestrate: v
	1. throw through or out of the window; "The rebels stormed the palace and defenestrated the President"

ossify: v
	1. become bony; "The tissue ossified"
	2. make rigid and set into a conventional pattern; "rigidify the training schedule"; "ossified teaching methods"; "slogans petrify our thinking"
	3. cause to become hard and bony; "The disease ossified the tissue"

gingham: n
	1. a clothing fabric in a plaid weave

ephemeral: a
	1. enduring a very short time; "the ephemeral joys of childhood"; "a passing fancy"; "youth's transient beauty"; "love is transitory but at is eternal"; "fugacious blossoms"

cognizant: a
	1. (usually followed by `of') having knowledge or understanding; "our youth are cognizant of the law"; "I am well aware of his limitations"

avarice: n
	1. reprehensible acquisitiveness; insatiable desire for wealth (personified as one of the deadly sins)
	2. extreme greed for material wealth

exogenous: a
	1. derived or originating externally

largesse: n
	1. a gift or money given (as for service or out of benevolence); usually given ostentatiously
	2. liberality in bestowing gifts; extremely liberal and generous of spirit

overture: n
	1. orchestral music played at the beginning of an opera or oratorio
	2. something that serves as a preceding event or introduces what follows; "training is a necessary preliminary to employment"; "drinks were the overture to dinner"
	3. a tentative suggestion designed to elicit the reactions of others; "she rejected his advances"

exculpatory: a
	1. clearing of guilt or blame

intrigue: v
	1. cause to be interested or curious
	2. form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner
intrigue: n
	1. a crafty and involved plot to achieve your (usually sinister) ends
	2. a clandestine love affair

maudlin: a
	1. effusively or insincerely emotional; "a bathetic novel"; "maudlin expressons of sympathy"; "mushy effusiveness"; "a schmaltzy song"; "sentimental soap operas"; "slushy poetry"

antipathy: n
	1. a feeling of intense dislike
	2. the object of a feeling of intense aversion; something to be avoided; "cats were his greatest antipathy"

natatorium: n
	1. pool that provides a facility for swimming; "`swimming bath' is a British term"

a priori: r
	1. derived by logic, without observed facts
a: n
	1. the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen
	2. a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation
	3. any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes
	4. one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
	5. (biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA
	6. the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; "a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps"
	7. the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet
a priori: a
	1. involving deductive reasoning from a general principle to a necessary effect; not supported by fact; "an a priori judgment"
	2. based on hypothesis or theory rather than experiment

bagatelle: n
	1. a light piece of music for piano
	2. something of little value or significance
	3. a table game in which short cues are used to knock balls into holes that are guarded by wooden pegs; penalties are incurred if the pegs are knocked over

flippant: a
	1. showing inappropriate levity

fritter: v
	1. spend frivolously and unwisely; "Fritter away one's inheritance"
fritter: n
	1. small quantity of fried batter containing fruit or meat or vegetables

limn: v
	1. trace the shape of
	2. make a portrait of; "Goya wanted to portray his mistress, the Duchess of Alba"

diacritic: n
	1. a mark added to a letter to indicate a special pronunciation
diacritic: a
	1. capable of distinguishing; "students having superior diacritic powers"; "the diacritic elements in culture"- S.F.Nadel

blandish: v
	1. praise somewhat dishonestly

trellis: v
	1. train on a trellis, as of a vine
trellis: n
	1. latticework used to support climbing plants

bellicose: a
	1. having or showing a ready disposition to fight; "bellicose young officers"; "a combative impulse"; "a contentious nature"

oblique: n
	1. any grammatical case other than the nominative
	2. a diagonally arranged abdominal muscle on either side of the torso
oblique: a
	1. slanting or inclined in direction or course or position--neither parallel nor perpendicular nor right-angular; "the oblique rays of the winter sun"; "acute and obtuse angles are oblique angles"; "the axis of an oblique cone is not perpendicular to its base"
	2. indirect in departing from the accepted or proper way; misleading; "used devious means to achieve success"; "gave oblique answers to direct questions"; "oblique political maneuvers"

repose: v
	1. put or confide something in a person or thing; "These philosophers reposed the law in the people"
	2. be inherent or innate in;
	3. lie when dead; "Mao reposes in his mausoleum"
	4. lean in a comfortable resting position; "He was reposing on the couch"
	5. put in a horizontal position; "lay the books on the table"; "lay the patient carefully onto the bed"
	6. to put something (eg trust) in something; "The nation reposed its confidence in the King"
repose: n
	1. freedom from activity (work or strain or responsibility); "took his repose by the swimming pool"
	2. the absence of mental stress or anxiety
	3. a disposition free from stress or emotion

ostensible: a
	1. appearing as such but not necessarily so; "for all his apparent wealth he had no money to pay the rent"; "the committee investigated some apparent discrepancies"; "the ostensible truth of their theories"; "his seeming honesty"
	2. represented or appearing as such; pretended; "His ostensible purpose was charity, his real goal popularity"

simulacrum: n
	1. an insubstantial or vague semblance
	2. a representation of a person (especially in the form of sculpture); "the coin bears an effigy of Lincoln"; "the emperor's tomb had his image carved in stone"

vaunt: v
	1. show off
vaunt: n
	1. extravagant self-praise

presage: v
	1. indicate by signs; "These signs bode bad news"
presage: n
	1. a foreboding about what is about to happen
	2. a sign of something about to happen; "he looked for an omen before going into battle"

rapacious: a
	1. living by preying on other animals especially by catching living prey; "a predatory bird"; "the rapacious wolf"; "raptorial birds"; "ravening wolves"; "a vulturine taste for offal"
	2. excessively greedy and grasping; "a rapacious divorcee on the prowl"; "ravening creditors"; "paying taxes to voracious governments"
	3. devouring or craving food in great quantities; "edacious vultures"; "a rapacious appetite"; "ravenous as wolves"; "voracious sharks"

recalcitrant: a
	1. marked by stubborn resistance to and defiant of authority or guidance; "a recalcitrant teenager"; "everything revolves around a refractory individual genius"
	2. marked by stubborn resistance to authority; "the University suspended the most recalcitrant demonstrators"

blase: a
	1. very sophisticated especially because of surfeit; versed in the ways of the world; "the blase traveler refers to the ocean he has crossed as `the pond'"; "the benefits of his worldly wisdom"
	2. uninterested because of frequent exposure or indulgence; "his blase indifference"; "a petulent blase air"; "the bored gaze of the successful film star"
	3. nonchalantly unconcerned; "a blase attitude about housecleaning"

joie de vivre: n
	1. a keen enjoyment of living

mephitic: a
	1. of noxious stench from atmospheric pollution

palatial: a
	1. relating to or being a palace; "the palatial residence"
	2. suitable for or like a palace; "palatial furnishings"; "a palatial yacht"

antithesis: n
	1. exact opposite; "his theory is the antithesis of mine"
	2. the juxtaposition of contrasting words or ideas to give a feeling of balance

illustrious: a
	1. widely known and esteemed; "a famous actor"; "a celebrated musician"; "a famed scientist"; "an illustrious judge"; "a notable historian"; "a renowned painter"
	2. having or conferring glory; "an illustrious achievement"
	3. having or worthy of pride; "redoubtable scholar of the Renaissance"; "born of a redoubtable family"

nonce: n
	1. the present occasion; "for the nonce"

travail: v
	1. work hard; "She was digging away at her math homework"; "Lexicographers drudge all day long"
travail: n
	1. concluding state of pregnancy; from the onset of labor to the birth of a child; "she was in labor for six hours"
	2. use of physical or mental energy; hard work; "he got an A for effort"; "they managed only with great exertion"

privation: n
	1. a state of extreme poverty
	2. act of depriving someone of food or money or rights; "nutritional privation"; "deprivation of civil rights"

apartheid: n
	1. a social policy or racial segregation involving political and economic and legal discrimination against non-whites; the former official policy in South Africa

coquette: v
	1. talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions; "The guys always try to chat up the new secretaries"; "My husband never flirts with other women"
coquette: n
	1. a seductive woman who uses her sex appeal to exploit men

quorum: n
	1. a gathering of the minimal number of members of an organization to conduct business

locution: n
	1. a word or phrase that particular people use in particular situations; "pardon the expression"

filial: a
	1. designating the generation or the sequence of generations following the parental generation
	2. relating to or characteristic of or befitting an offspring; "filial respect"

inexorable: a
	1. not to be placated or appeased or moved by entreaty; "grim determination"; "grim necessity"; "Russia's final hour, it seemed, approached with inexorable certainty"; "relentless persecution"; "the stern demands of parenthood"
	2. not capable of being swayed or diverted from a course; unsusceptible to persuasion; "he is adamant in his refusal to change his mind"; "Cynthia was inexorable; she would have none of him"- W.Churchill; "an intransigent conservative opposed to every liberal tendancy"

daguerreotype: n
	1. a photograph made by an early photographic process; the image was produced on a silver plate sensitized to iodine and developed in mercury vapor

demure: a
	1. affectedly modest or shy especially in a playful or provocative way

toff: n
	1. an elegantly dressed man (often with affected manners)

parlance: n
	1. a manner of speaking that is natural to native speakers of a language

auspicious: a
	1. attended by favorable circumstances; "an auspicious beginning for the campaign"
	2. tending to favor or bring good luck; "miracles are auspicious accidents"; "encouraging omens"; "a favorable time to ask for a raise"; "lucky stars"; "a prosperous moment to make a decision"

deep: r
	1. to a great depth; "dived deeply"; "dug deep"
	2. to an advanced time; "deep into the night"; "talked late into the evening"
	3. to far into space; "penetrated deep into enemy territory"; "went deep into the woods";
deep-six: v
	1. toss out; get rid of; "deep-six these old souvenirs!"
	2. throw from a boat
deep: n
	1. the central and most intense or profound part; "in the deep of night"; "in the deep of winter"
	2. a long steep-sided depression in the ocean floor
	3. literary term for an ocean; "denizens of the deep"
deep: a
	1. relatively deep or strong; affecting one deeply; "a deep breath"; "a deep sigh"; "deep concentration"; "deep emotion"; "a deep trance"; "in a deep sleep"
	2. marked by depth of thinking; "deep thoughts"; "a deep allegory"
	3. having great spatial extension or penetration downward or inward from an outer surface or backward or laterally or outward from a center; sometimes used in combination; "a deep well"; "a deep dive"; "deep water"; "a deep casserole"; "a deep gash"; "deep massage"; "deep pressure receptors in muscles"; "deep shelves"; "a deep closet"; "surrounded by a deep yard"; "hit the ball to deep center field"; "in deep space"; "waist-deep"
	4. very distant in time or space; "deep in the past"; "deep in enemy territory"; "deep in the woods"; "a deep space probe"
	5. extreme; "in deep trouble"; "deep happiness"
	6. having or denoting a low vocal or instrumental range; "a deep voice"; "a bass voice is lower than a baritone voice"; "a bass clarinet"
	7. strong; intense; "deep purple"; "a rich red"
	8. relatively thick from top to bottom; "deep carpets"; "deep snow"
	9. extending relatively far inward; "a deep border"
	10. (of darkness) very intense; "thick night"; "thick darkness"; "a face in deep shadow"; "deep night"
	11. large in quantity or size; "deep cuts in the budget"
	12. with head or back bent low; "a deep bow"
	13. of an obscure nature; "the new insurance policy is written without cryptic or mysterious terms"; "a deep dark secret"; "the inscrutible workings of Providence"; "in its mysterious past it encompasses all the dim origins of life"- Rachel Carson; "rituals totally mystifying to visitors from other lands"
	14. difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge; "the professor's lectures were so abstruse that students tended to avoid them"; "a deep metaphysical theory"; "some recondite problem in historiography"
	15. exhibiting great cunning usually with secrecy; "deep political machinations"; "a deep plot"

incisive: a
	1. having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions; "an acute observer of politics and politicians"; "incisive comments"; "icy knifelike reasoning"; "as sharp and incisive as the stroke of a fang"; "penetrating insight"; "frequent penetrative observations"
	2. very penetrating and clear and sharp in operation; "an incisive mind"; "a keen intelligence"; "of sharp and active intellect"
	3. suitable for cutting or piercing; "incisive teeth"; "the piercing needle"

in vacuo: r
	1. in isolation and without reference to anything else
	2. in a vacuum
in: n
	1. a unit of length equal to one twelfth of a foot
	2. a rare soft silvery metallic element; occurs in small quantities in sphalerite
	3. a state in midwestern United States
in: a
	1. holding office; "the in party"
	2. directed or bound inward; "took the in bus"; "the in basket"
	3. currently fashionable; "the in thing to do"; "large shoulder pads are in"

paroxysm: n
	1. a sudden uncontrollable attack; "a paroxysm of giggling"; "a fit of coughing"; "convulsions of laughter"

histrionic: a
	1. characteristic of acting or a stage performance; often affected; "histrionic gestures"; "an attitude of melodramatic despair"; "a theatrical pose"

pr: n
	1. a soft yellowish-white trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group; can be recovered from bastnasite or monazite by an ion-exchange process
	2. a self-governing commonwealth associated with the United States occupying the island of Puerto Rico
	3. a promotion intended to create goodwill for a person or institution

intransigent: a
	1. not capable of being swayed or diverted from a course; unsusceptible to persuasion; "he is adamant in his refusal to change his mind"; "Cynthia was inexorable; she would have none of him"- W.Churchill; "an intransigent conservative opposed to every liberal tendancy"

extol: v
	1. praise, glorify, or honor; "extol the virtues of one's children"; "glorify one's spouse's cooking"

rake: v
	1. move through with or as if with a rake; "She raked her fingers through her hair"
	2. level or smooth with a rake; "rake gravel"
	3. sweep the length of; "The gunfire raked the coast"
	4. examine hastily; "She scanned the newspaper headlines while waiting for the taxi"
	5. gather with a rake; "rake leaves"
	6. scrape gently; "graze the skin"
rake: n
	1. a dissolute man in fashionable society
	2. degree of deviation from a horizontal plane; "the roof had a steep pitch"
	3. a long-handled tool with a row of teeth at its head; used to move leaves or loosen soil

aberrant: n
	1. one whose behavior departs substantially from the norm of a group
aberrant: a
	1. markedly different from an accepted norm; "aberrent behavior"; "deviant ideas"

effluvium: n
	1. a foul-smelling outflow or vapor (especially a gaseous waste)

proclivity: n
	1. a natural inclination; "he has a proclivity for exaggeration"

baronial: a
	1. impressive in appearance; "a baronial mansion"; "an imposing residence"; "a noble tree"; "severe-looking policemen sat astride noble horses"; "stately columns"

omnibus: n
	1. an anthology of articles on a related subject or an anthology of the works of a single author
	2. a vehicle carrying many passengers; used for public transport; "he always rode the bus to work"
omnibus: a
	1. providing for many things at once; "an omnibus law"

insipid: a
	1. lacking taste or flavor or tang; "a bland diet"; "insipid hospital food"; "flavorless supermarket tomatoes"; "vapid beer"; "vapid tea"
	2. lacking significance or impact; "an insipid novel"
	3. lacking interest or significance; "an insipid personality"; "jejune novel"
	4. not pleasing to the sense of taste

codicil: n
	1. a supplement to a will; a testamentary instrument intended to alter an already executed will

vis-a-vis: r
	1. face-to-face; face-to-face with; "they sat vis-a-vis at the table"; "I found myself vis-a-vis a burly policeman"
visa: v
	1. provide (a passport) with a visa
	2. approve officially; "The list of speakers must be visaed"
vis-a-vis: n
	1. a person or thing having the same function or characteristics as another
	2. small sofa that seats two people

inveigh: v
	1. complain bitterly
	2. speak against in an impassioned manner; "he declaimed against the wasteful ways of modern society"

execrable: a
	1. of very poor quality or condition; "deplorable housing conditions in the inner city"; "woeful treatment of the accused"; "woeful errors of judgment"
	2. unequivocally detestable; "abominable treatment of prisoners"; "detestable vices"; "execrable crimes"; "consequences odious to those you govern"- Edmund Burke
	3. deserving a curse; "her damnable pride"

gormandize: v
	1. overeat or eat immodestly; make a pig of oneself; "She stuffed herself at the dinner"; "The kids binged on icecream"

arrogate: v
	1. demand as being one's due or property; assert one's right or title to; "He claimed his suitcases at the airline counter"; "Mr. Smith claims special tax exemptions because he is a foreign resident"
	2. make undue claims to having
	3. seize and take control without authority and possibly with force; take as one's right or possession; "He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town"; "he usurped my rights"; "She seized control of the throne after her husband died"

excoriate: v
	1. express strong disapproval of; "We condemn the racism in South Africa"; "These ideas were reprobated"
	2. tear or wear off the skin or make sore by abrading; "This leash chafes the dog's neck"

imprimatur: n
	1. formal and explicit approval; "a Democrat usually gets the union's endorsement"

winnow: v
	1. separate from chaff; "She stood there winnowing grain all day in the field"
	2. blow on; "The wind was winnowing her hair"
	3. treat by exposure to a current of air so that waste matter is eliminated; "winnow grain"
	4. remove by a current of air; "winnow chaff"
winnow: n
	1. the act of separating grain from chaff; "the winnowing was done by women"

apogee: n
	1. a final climactic stage; "their achievements stand as a culmination of centuries of development"
	2. apoapsis in Earth orbit; the point in its orbit where a satellite is at the greatest distance from the Earth

polyglot: n
	1. a person who speaks more than one language
polyglot: a
	1. having a command of or composed in many languages; "a polyglot traveler"; "a polyglot Bible contains versions in different languages"

bellwether: n
	1. someone who assumes leadership of a movement or activity
	2. sheep that leads the herd often wearing a bell

lascivious: a
	1. driven by lust; preoccupied with or exhibiting lustful desires; "libidinous orgies"

striate: v
	1. mark with striae or striations
striate: a
	1. marked with stria or striations

bathos: n
	1. triteness or triviality of style
	2. insincere pathos
	3. a change from a serious subject to a disappointing one

concomitant: n
	1. an event or situation that happens at the same time as or in connection with another
concomitant: a
	1. following as a consequence; "an excessive growth of bureaucracy, with related problems"; "snags incidental to the changeover in management"

attenuate: v
	1. weaken the consistency of (a chemical substance)
	2. become weaker, in strength, value, or magnitude
attenuated: a
	1. of an electrical signal; reduced in amplitude with little or no distortion
	2. reduced in strength; "the faded tones of an old recording"

ineluctable: a
	1. impossible to avoid or evade:"inescapable conclusion"; "an ineluctable destiny"; "an unavoidable accident"

hagiography: n
	1. a biography that idealizes or idolizes the person (especially a person who is a saint)

boondoggle: v
	1. do useless, wasteful, or trivial work
boondoggle: n
	1. work of little or no value done merely to look busy

commiserate: v
	1. to feel or express sympathy or compassion

perambulate: v
	1. make an official inspection on foot of (the bounds of a property); "Selectmen are required by law to perambulate the bounds every five years"
	2. walk with no particular goal; "we were walking around in the garden"; "after breakfast, she walked about in the park"

fiduciary: n
	1. a person who holds assets in trust for a beneficiary; "it is illegal for a fiduciary to misappropriate money for personal gain"
fiduciary: a
	1. relating to or of the nature of a legal trust (i.e. the holding of something in trust for another); "a fiduciary contract"; "in a fiduciary capacity"; "fiducial power"

acrimonious: a
	1. marked by strong resentment or cynicism; "an acrimonious dispute"; "bitter about the divorce"

gauche: a
	1. lacking social polish; "too gauche to leave the room when the conversation became intimate"; "their excellent manners always may be feel gauche"

salient: n
	1. (military) the part of the line of battle that projects closest to the enemy
salient: a
	1. having a quality that thrusts itself into attention; "an outstanding fact of our time is that nations poisoned by anti semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom"; "a new theory is the most prominent feature of the book"; "salient traits"; "a spectacular rise in prices"; "a striking thing about Picadilly Circus is the statue of Eros in the center"; "a striking resemblance between parent and child"
	2. (of angles) pointing outward at an angle of less than 180 degrees
	3. represented as leaping (rampant but leaning forward)

n: n
	1. (of a solution) concentration expressed in gram equivalents of solute per liter
	2. a common nonmetallic element that is normally a colorless odorless tasteless inert diatomic gas; constitutes 78 percent of the atmosphere by volume; a constituent of all living tissues
	3. the cardinal compass point that is at 0 or 360 degrees
	4. a unit of force equal to the force that imparts an acceleration of 1 m/sec/sec to a mass of 1 kilogram; equal to 100,000 dynes
	5. the 14th letter of the Roman alphabet

archipelago: n
	1. a group of many islands in a large body of water

somnolent: a
	1. inclined to or marked by drowsiness; "slumberous (or slumbrous) eyes"; "`slumbery' is archaic"; "the sound had a a somnolent effect"

depilate: v
	1. remove body hair; "epilate her legs"

falderal: n
	1. ornamental objects of no great value

incorrigible: a
	1. impervious to correction by punishment

trilby: n
	1. singer in a novel by George du Maurier who was under the control of the hypnotist Svengali
	2. felt hat with a creased crown

eschew: v
	1. avoid and stay away from deliberately; stay clear of

peal: v
	1. ring recurrently; "bells were pealing"
	2. sound loudly and sonorously; "the bells rang"
peal: n
	1. a deep prolonged sound (as of thunder or large bells)

de facto: r
	1. in reality or fact; "the result was, de facto, a one-party system"
de: n
	1. a Mid-Atlantic state; one of the original 13 colonies
de facto: a
	1. existing in fact whether with lawful authority or not; "de facto segregation is as real as segration imposed by law"; "a de facto state of war"

scabrous: a
	1. rough to the touch; covered with scales or scurf
	2. dealing with salacious or indecent material; "a scabrous novel"

demurral: n
	1. (law) a formal objection to an opponent's pleadings

philander: v
	1. have amorous affairs; of men; "He has been womanizing for years"
	2. talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions; "The guys always try to chat up the new secretaries"; "My husband never flirts with other women"

baroque: n
	1. elaborate an extensive ornamentation in decorative art and architecture that flourished in Europe in the 17th century
baroque: a
	1. having elaborate symmetrical ornamentation; "the building...frantically baroque"-William Dean Howells

panoply: n
	1. a complete and impressive array

desultory: a
	1. marked by lack of definite plan or regularity or purpose; jumping from one thing to another; "desultory thoughts"; "the desultory conversation characteristic of cocktail parties"

contention: n
	1. a point asserted as part of an argument
	2. a contentious speech act; a dispute where there is strong disagreement; "they were involved in a violent argument"
	3. the act of competing as for profit or a prize; "the teams were in fierce contention for first place"

epiphenomenon: n
	1. a secondary phenomenon that is a by-product of another phenomenon

apocryphal: a
	1. of questionable authenticity
	2. of or belonging to the Apocrypha

disavow: v
	1. refuse to acknowledge; disclaim knowledge of; responsibility for, or association with; "Her husband disavowed her after 30 years of marriage and six children"

pugnacious: a
	1. tough and callous by virtue of experience
	2. ready and able to resort to force or violence; "pugnacious spirits...lamented that there was so little prospect of an exhilarating disturbance"- Herman Melville; "they were rough and determined fighting men"

vitrify: v
	1. change into glass or a glass-like substance by applying heat
	2. undergo vitrification; become glassy or glass-like
vitrified: a
	1. (of ceramics) having the surface made shiny and nonporous by fusing a vitreous solution to it; "glazed pottery"; "glassy porcelain"; "hard vitreous china used for plumbing fixtures"

gravitas: n
	1. formality in bearing and appearance; "he behaved with great dignity"

germane: a
	1. having close kinship and appropriateness; "he asks questions that are germane and central to the issue"

fastidious: a
	1. giving and careful attention to detail; hard to please; excessively concerned with cleanliness; "a fastidious and incisive intellect"; "fastidious about personal cleanliness"
	2. having complicated nutritional requirements; especially growing only in special artificial cultures; "fastidious microorganisms"; "certain highly specialized xerophytes are extremely exacting in their requirements"

slake: v
	1. satisfy (thirst); "The cold water quenched his thirst"
	2. make less active or intense
	3. cause to heat and crumble by treatment with water; "slack lime"

preponderance: n
	1. superiority in power or influence; "the preponderance of good over evil"; "the preponderance of wealth and power"
	2. a superiority in numbers or amount; "there is a preponderance of Blacks in our prisons"
	3. exceeding in heaviness; having greater weight; "the least preponderance in either pan will unbalance the scale"

malapropos: r
	1. at an inconvenient time; "he arrived inopportunely just as we sat down for dinner"; "she answered malapropos"
malapropos: a
	1. of an inappropriate or incorrectly applied nature

factitious: a
	1. not produced by natural forces; "brokers created a factitious demand for stocks"

extraneous: a
	1. not pertinent to the matter under consideration; "an issue extraneous to the debate"; "the price was immaterial"; "mentioned several impertinent facts before finally coming to the point"
	2. not essential; "the ballet struck me as extraneous and somewhat out of keeping with the rest of the play"
	3. not belonging to that in which it is contained; introduced from an outside source; "water free of extraneous matter"; "foreign particles in milk"
	4. coming from the outside; "extraneous light in the camera spoiled the photograph"; "relying upon an extraneous income"; "disdaining outside pressure groups"

foist: v
	1. to force onto another; "He foisted his work on me"
	2. insert surreptitiously or without warrant

impute: v
	1. attribute or credit to; "We attributed this quotation to Shakespeare"; "People impute great cleverness to cats"
	2. attribute (responsibility or fault) to a cause or source; "The teacher imputed the student's failure to his nervousness"

incarnadine: v
	1. make flesh-colored

espouse: v
	1. choose and follow; as of theories, ideas, policies, strategies or plans; "She followed the feminist movement"; "The candidate espouses Republican ideals"
	2. take in marriage
	3. take up the cause, ideology, practice, method, of someone and use it as one's own; "She embraced Catholocism"; "They adopted the Jewish faith"

wont: n
	1. an established custom; "it was their habit to dine at 7 every evening"
	2. a pattern of behavior acquired through frequent repetition; "she had a habit twirling the ends of her hair"; "long use had hardened him to it"

patella: n
	1. a small flat triangular bone in front of the knee that protects the knee joint
	2. type genus of the family Patellidae: common European limpets

redoubtable: a
	1. inspiring fear; "the formidable prospect of major surgery"; "a tougher and more redoubtable adversary than the heel-clicking, jackbooted fanatic"- G.H.Johnston; "something unnerving and prisonlike about high gray wall"
	2. having or worthy of pride; "redoubtable scholar of the Renaissance"; "born of a redoubtable family"

slough: v
	1. cast off hair, skin, horn, or feathers; "out dog sheds every Spring"
slough: n
	1. necrotic tissue; a mortified or gangrenous part or mass
	2. a hollow filled with mud
	3. a stagnant swamp (especially as part of a bayou)
	4. any outer covering that can be shed or cast off (such as the cast-off skin of a snake)

impecunious: a
	1. not having enough money to pay for necessities

contrapuntal: a
	1. relating to or characteristic of or according to the rules of counterpoint; "contrapuntal base"
	2. having two or more independent but harmonically related melodic parts sounding together

adroit: a
	1. skillful (or showing skill) in adapting means to ends; "cool prudence and sensitive selfishness along with quick perception of what is possible--these distinguish an adroit politician"; "came up with a clever story"; "an ingenious press agent"; "an ingenious scheme"
	2. quick or skillful or adept in action or thought; "an exceptionally adroit pianist"; "an adroit technician"; "his adroit replies to hecklers won him many followers"; "an adroit negotiator"

variegate: v
	1. change the appearance of, especially by marking with different colors
	2. make something more diverse and varied; "Vary the menu"

malign: v
	1. speak unfavorably about; "She badmouthes her husband everywhere"
maligned: a
	1. assailed with contemptuous language

paucity: n
	1. an insufficient quantity or number

cairn: n
	1. a mound of stones piled up as a memorial or to mark a boundary or path
	2. small rough-haired breed of terrier from Scotland

purport: v
	1. have the often specious appearance of being, intending, or claiming; "The letter purports to express people's opinion"
	2. propose or intend; "I aim to arrive at noon"
purport: n
	1. the intended meaning of a communication
	2. general meaning or tenor; "caught the drift of the conversation"

nullipara: n
	1. (obstetrics) a woman who has never give birth to a child

indecorous: a
	1. lacking propriety and good taste in manners and conduct; "indecorous behavior"
	2. not in keeping with accepted standards of what is right or proper in polite society; "was buried with indecent haste"; "indecorous behavior"; "language unbecoming to a lady"; "unseemly to use profanity"; "moved to curb their untoward ribaldry"

vitriol: v
	1. expose to the effects of vitriol or injure with vitriol
	2. subject to bitter verbal abuse
vitriol: n
	1. (H2SO4) a highly corrosive acid made from sulfur dioxide; widely used in the chemical industry
	2. abusive or venomous language used to express blame or censure or bitter deep-seated ill will

pappus: n
	1. calyx composed of scales or bristles or featherlike hairs in plants of the Compositae such as thistles and dandelions

beleaguer: v
	1. annoy persistently; "The children teased the boy because of his stammer"
	2. surround so as to force to give up; "The Turks besieged Vienna"

coif: v
	1. cover with a coif
	2. arrange attractively; "dress my hair for the wedding"
coif: n
	1. a skullcap worn by nuns under a veil or by soldiers under a hood of mail or formerly by British sergeants-at-law

glasnost: n
	1. a policy of the Soviet government allowing freer discussion of social problems

prime: v
	1. insert a primer into (a gun, mine, charge, etc.) preparatory to detonation or firing; "prime a cannon"; "prime a mine"
	2. cover with a primer; apply a primer to
	3. fill with priming liquid; "prime a car engine"
prime: n
	1. a number that has no factor but itself and 1
	2. the period of greatest prosperity or productivity
	3. the second canonical hour; about 6 a.m.
	4. the time of maturity when power and vigor are greatest
prime: a
	1. first in rank or degree; "an architect of premier rank"; "the prime minister"
	2. used of the first or originating agent; "prime mover"
	3. of superior grade; "choice wines"; "prime beef"; "prize carnations"; "quality paper"; "select peaches"
	4. of or relating to or being an integer that cannot be factored into other integers; "prime number"
	5. at the best stage; "our manhood's prime vigor"- Robert Browning

heuristic: n
	1. a commonsense rule (or set of rules) intended to increase the probability of solving some problem
heuristic: a
	1. of or relating to or using a general formulation that serves to guide investigation

abdicate: v
	1. give up, such as power, as of monarchs and emperors, or duties and obligations; "The King abdicated when he married a divorcee"

purloin: v
	1. make off with belongings of others
purloined: a
	1. taken dishonestly; "the purloined letter"

vade mecum: n
	1. a concise reference book providing specific information about a subject or location

disparate: a
	1. fundamentally different or distinct in quality or kind; "such disparate attractions as grand opera and game fishing"; "disparate ideas"
	2. including markedly dissimilar elements; "a disparate aggregate of creeds and songs and prayers"

samovar: n
	1. a metal urn with a spigot at the base; used in Russia to boil water for tea

sundry: n
	1. miscellaneous unspecified objects; "the trunk was full of stuff"
sundry: a
	1. consisting of a haphazard assortment of different kinds (even to the point of incongruity); "an arrangement of assorted spring flowers"; "assorted sizes"; "miscellaneous accessories"; "a mixed program of baroque and contemporary music"; "a motley crew"; "sundry sciences commonly known as social"- I.A.Richards

barb: v
	1. provide with barbs; "barbed wire"
	2. provide with barbs; "barbed wire"
barb: n
	1. an aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect; "his parting shot was `drop dead'"; "she threw shafts of sarcasm"; "she takes a dig at me every chance she gets"
	2. the pointed part of barbed wire
	3. a subsidiary point facing opposite from the main point that makes an arrowhead or spear hard to remove
	4. one of the parallel filaments projecting from the main shaft of a feather

tautology: n
	1. (logic) a statement that is necessarily true; "the statement `he is brave or he is not brave' is a tautology"
	2. useless repetition; "to say that something is `adequate enough' is a tautology"

chicanery: n
	1. the use of tricks to deceive someone (usually to extract money from them)

fallow: n
	1. cultivated land that is not seeded for one or more growing seasons
fallow: a
	1. left unplowed and unseeded during a growing season; "fallow farmland"
	2. undeveloped but potentially useful; "a fallow gold market"

moribund: a
	1. not growing or changing; without force or vitality
	2. on the point of death; breathing your last; "a moribund patient"; "the expiring man was carried home by his two friends"

rebarbative: a
	1. serving or tending to repel; "he became rebarbative and prickly and spiteful"; "I find his obsequiousness repellent"

seriatim: r
	1. in a series; one after another

foment: v
	1. try to stir up public opinion
	2. bathe with warm water or medicated lotions; "His legs should be fomented"

incipient: a
	1. only partly in existence; imperfectly formed; "incipient civil disorder"; "an incipient tumor"; "a vague inchoate idea"

nostrum: n
	1. hypothetical remedy for all ills or diseases; once sought by the alchemists
	2. patent medicine whose efficacy is questionable

deference: n
	1. a courteous expression (by word or deed) of esteem or regard; "his deference to her wishes was very flattering"; "be sure to give my respects to the dean"
	2. courteous regard for people's feelings; "in deference to your wishes"; "out of respect for his privacy"
	3. a disposition or tendency to yield to the will of others

levity: n
	1. feeling an inappropriate lack of seriousness
	2. lightness of manner

redact: v
	1. formulate in a particular style or language; "I wouldn't put it that way"; "She cast her request in very polite language"
	2. prepare for publication or presentation by correcting, revising, or adapting; "Edit a a book on lexical semantics"; "she edited the letters of the politician so as to omit the most personal passages"
redact: n
	1. someone who puts text into appropriate form for publication

divisive: a
	1. dissenting (especially dissenting with the majority opinion)

aplomb: n
	1. great coolness and composure under strain; "keep your cool"

appoggiatura: n
	1. an embellishing note usually written in smaller size

dross: n
	1. worthless material that should be removed; "there were impurities in the water"
	2. the scum formed by oxidation at the surface of molten metals

caftan: n
	1. a woman's dress style that imitates the caftan cloaks worn by men in the Near East
	2. a (cotton or silk) cloak with full sleeves and sash reaching down to the ankles; worn by men in the Levant

impetus: n
	1. a force that moves something along
	2. the act of applying force suddenly; "the impulse knocked him over"

didactic: a
	1. instructive (especially excessively)

junket: v
	1. go on a pleasure trip
	2. provide a feast or banquet for
	3. partake in a feast or banquet
junket: n
	1. dessert made of sweetened milk coagulated with rennet
	2. a journey taken for pleasure; "many summer excursions to the shore"; "it was merely a pleasure trip"; "after cautious sashays into the field"
	3. a trip taken by an official at public expense

dalliance: n
	1. the deliberate act of wasting time instead of working
	2. playful behavior intended to arouse sexual interest

cavil: v
	1. raise trivial objections
cavil: n
	1. an evasion of the point of an argument by raising irrelevant distinctions or objections

requite: v
	1. make repayment for or return something

odious: a
	1. unequivocally detestable; "abominable treatment of prisoners"; "detestable vices"; "execrable crimes"; "consequences odious to those you govern"- Edmund Burke

exhort: v
	1. urge on or encourage especially by shouts; "The crowd cheered the demonstrating strikers"
	2. force or impel in an indicated direction; "I urged him to finish his studies"

ingenue: n
	1. an actress who specializes in playing the role of an artless innocent young girl
	2. an artless innocent young girl (especially as portrayed on the stage)
	3. the role of an innocent artless young woman in a play

epigram: n
	1. a witty saying

priory: n
	1. religious residence in a monastery governed by a prior or a convent governed by a prioress

hoi polloi: n
	1. the common people generally; "separate the warriors from the mass"; "power to the people"

vertiginous: a
	1. having or causing a whirling sensation; liable to falling; "had a dizzy spell"; "a dizzy pinnacle"; "had a headache and felt giddy"; "a giddy precipice"; "feeling woozy from the blow on his head"; "a vertiginous climb up the face of the cliff"

char: v
	1. burn to charcoal; "Without a drenching rain, the forest fire will char everything"
	2. burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color; "The cook blackened the chicken breast"; "The fire charred the ceiling above the mantelpiece"; "the flames scorched the ceiling"
char: n
	1. a charred substance
	2. a human female who does housework; "the char will clean the carpet"
	3. any of several small-scaled trout

gadabout: n
	1. a restless seeker after amusement or social companionship

tincture: v
	1. fill, as with a certain quality; "The heavy traffic tinctures the air with carbon monoxide"
	2. stain or tint with a color; "The leaves were tinctured with a bright red"
tincture: n
	1. a substances that colors metals
	2. an indication that something has been present; "there wasn't a trace of evidence for the claim"; "a tincture of condescension"
	3. a quality of a given color that differs slightly from a primary color; "after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted"
	4. (pharmacology) a medicine consisting of an extract in an alcohol solution

roman a clef: n
	1. a novel in which actual persons and events are disguised as fictional characters
roman: a
	1. relating to or characteristic of people of Rome; "Roman virtues"; "his Roman bearing in adversity"; "a Roman nose"
	2. of or relating to or characteristic of Rome (especially ancient Rome); "Roman architecture"; "the old Roman wall"
	3. characteristic of the modern type that most directly represents the type used in ancient Roman inscriptions
	4. of or relating to or supporting Romanism; "the Roman Catholic Church"

blanch: v
	1. turn pale, as if in fear
	2. cook (vegetables) briefly; "Parboil the beans before freezing them"

wheedle: v
	1. influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering; "He palavered her into going along"

interminable: a
	1. tiresomely long; seemingly without end; "endless debates"; "an endless conversation"; "the wait seemed eternal"; "eternal quarreling"; "an interminable sermon"

penumbra: n
	1. a fringe region of partial shadow around an umbra

indigent: a
	1. poor enough to need help from others

rubric: v
	1. adorn with ruby red color
rubric: n
	1. an authoritative rule of conduct or procedure
	2. an explanation or definition of an obscure word in a text
	3. directions for the conduct of Christian church services (often printed in red in a prayer book)
	4. a heading that names a statute or legislative bill; may give a brief summary of the matters it deals with; "Title 8 provided federal help for schools"
	5. a title or heading that is printed in red or in a special type
	6. category name; "it is usually discussed under the rubric of `functional obesity'"

contretemps: n
	1. an awkward clash; "he tried to smooth over his contretemps with the policeman"

intifada: n
	1. an uprising by Palestinian Arabs (in both the Gaza Strip and the West Bank) against Israel in the late 1980s and again in 2000; "the first intifada ended when Israel granted limited autonomy to the Palestine National Authority in 1993"

mercantile: a
	1. of or relating to the economic system of mercantilism; "mercantile theories"; "mercantile system"
	2. profit oriented; "a commercial book"; "preached a mercantile and militant patriotism"- John Buchan; "a mercenary enterprise"; "a moneymaking business"
	3. of or relating to or characteristic of trade or traders; "the mercantile North was forging ahead"- Van Wyck Brooks

ribald: n
	1. a ribald person; someone who uses vulgar and offensive language
ribald: a
	1. humorously vulgar; "bawdy songs"; "off-color jokes"; "ribald language"

aperture: n
	1. a device that controls amount of light admitted
	2. a natural opening in something
	3. an man-made opening; usually small

pertinacious: a
	1. stubbornly unyielding; "dogged persistence"; "dour determination"; "the most vocal and pertinacious of all the critics"; "a mind not gifted to discover truth but tenacious to hold it"- T.S.Eliot; "men tenacious of opinion"

devoir: n
	1. formal expression of respect

addle: v
	1. mix up or confuse; "He muddled the issues"
	2. become rotten; "addled eggs"

ingratiate: v
	1. gain favor with somebody by deliberate efforts

detent: n
	1. a hinged catch that fits into a notch of a ratchet to move a wheel forward or prevent it from moving backward

castigate: v
	1. censure severely; "She chastised him for his insensitive remarks"
	2. inflict severe punishment on

unflappable: a
	1. not easily perturbed or excited or upset; marked by extreme calm and composure; "hitherto imperturbable, he now showed signs of alarm"; "an imperturbable self-possession"; "unflappable in a crisis"

convoke: v
	1. call together; "The students were convened in the auditorium"

august: n
	1. the month following July and preceding September
august: a
	1. of or befitting a lord; "heir to a lordly fortune"; "of august lineage"
	2. profoundly honored; "revered holy men"

ignominy: n
	1. a state of dishonor; "one mistake brought shame to all his family"; "suffered the ignominy of being sent to prison"

putative: a
	1. commonly put forth or accepted as true on inconclusive grounds; "the foundling's putative father"; "the reputed (or purported) author of the book"; "the supposed date of birth"

trammel: v
	1. catch in or as if in a trap; "The men trap foxes"
	2. place limits on (extent or access); "restrict the use of this parking lot"; "limit the time you can spend with your friends"
trammel: n
	1. a fishing net with three layers; the outer two are coarse mesh and the loose inner layer is fine mesh
	2. an adjustable pothook set in a fireplace
	3. a restraint that is used to teach a horse to amble
	4. a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner)

assiduous: a
	1. marked by care and persistent effort; "her assiduous attempts to learn French"; "assiduous research"; "sedulous pursuit of legal and moral principles"

respite: v
	1. postpone the punishment of a convicted criminal, such as an execution
respite: n
	1. a (temporary) relief from harm or discomfort
	2. a pause from doing something (as work); "we took a 10-minute break"; "he took time out to recuperate"
	3. an interruption in the intensity or amount of something
	4. a pause for relaxation; "people actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests"
	5. the act of reprieving; postponing or remitting punishment

exposit: v
	1. state; "set forth one's reasons"
	2. add details, as to an account or idea; clarify the meaning of and discourse in a learned way, usually in writing; "She elaborated on the main ideas in her dissertation"

bon vivant: n
	1. a person devoted to refined sensuous enjoyment (especially good food and drink)

appellate: a
	1. of or relating to or taking account of appeals (usually legal appeals); "appellate court"

auspices: n
	1. kindly endorsement and guidance; "the tournament was held under the auspices of the city council"

propitious: a
	1. presenting favorable circumstances; "propitious omens"

collation: n
	1. a light informal meal
	2. assembling in proper numerical or logical sequence
	3. careful examination and comparison to note points of disagreement

apace: r
	1. with rapid movements; "he works quickly"

folie: n
	1. (psychiatry) a psychological disorder of thought or emotion; a more neutral term than mental illness

sardonic: a
	1. disdainfully or ironically humorous; scornful and mocking; "his rebellion is the bitter, sardonic laughter of all great satirists"- Frank Schoenberner; "a wry pleasure to be...reminded of all that one is missing"- Irwin Edman

contrite: a
	1. feeling or expressing pain or sorrow for sins or offenses
	2. feeling regret for a fault or offence

best: r
	1. in a most excellent way or manner; "he played best after a couple of martinis"
	2. it would be sensible; "you'd best stay at home"
	3. from a position of superiority or authority; "father knows best"; "I know better."
level: v
	1. aim at; "level criticism or charges at somebody"
	2. tear down so as to make flat with the ground; "The building was levelled"
	3. make level or straight; "level the ground"
	4. direct into a position for use; "point a gun"; "He charged his weapon at me"
	5. talk frankly with; lay it on the line; "I have to level with you"
	6. become level or even; "The ground levelled off"
level best: n
	1. the greatest possible degree; "he tried his utmost"
level: a
	1. having a horizontal surface in which no part is higher or lower than another; "a flat desk"; "acres of level farmland"; "a plane surface"
	2. not showing abrupt variations; "spoke in a level voice"; "she gave him a level look"- Louis Auchincloss
	3. being on a precise horizontal plane; "a billiard table must be level"
	4. oriented at right angles to the plumb; "the picture is level"
	5. of the score in a contest; "the score is tied"

ambit: n
	1. an area in which something acts or operates or has power or control: "the range of a supersonic jet"; "the ambit of municipal legislation"; "within the compass of this article"; "within the scope of an investigation"; "outside the reach of the law"; "in the political orbit of a world power"

equanimity: n
	1. steadiness of mind under stress; "he accepted their problems with composure and she with equanimity"

cavort: v
	1. play boisterously; "The children frolicked in the garden"; "the gamboling lambs in the meadows"; "The toddlers romped in the playroom"

bucolic: n
	1. a country person
	2. a short descriptive poem of rural or pastoral life
bucolic: a
	1. used of idealized country life; "a country life of arcadian contentment"; "a pleasant bucolic scene"; "charming in its pastoral setting"; "rustic tranquility"
	2. relating to shepherds or herdsmen or devoted to raising sheep or cattle; "pastoral seminomadic people"; "pastoral land"; "a pastoral economy"

elide: v
	1. leave or strike out; "This vowel is usually elided before a single consonant"

lee: n
	1. United States filmmaker whose works explore the richness of Black culture in America (born in 1957)
	2. United States striptease artist who became famous on Broadway in the 1930s (1914-1970)
	3. United States actor who was an expert in kung fu and starred in martial arts films (1941-1973)
	4. United States physicist (born in China) who collaborated with Yang Chen Ning in disproving the principle of conservation of parity (born in 1926)
	5. leader of the American Revolution who proposed the resolution calling for independence of the American colonies (1732-1794)
	6. soldier of the American Revolution (1756-1818)
	7. American general who led the Confederate armies in the American Civil War (1807-1870)
	8. the side of something that is sheltered from the wind
lee: a
	1. towards the side away from the wind

accretion: n
	1. an increase by natural growth or addition
	2. something contributing to growth or increase; "he scraped away the accretions of paint"; "the central city surrounded by recent accretions"
	3. (astronomy) the formation of a celestial object by the effect of gravity pulling together surrounding objects and gases
	4. (biology) growth by addition as by the adhesion of parts or particles
	5. (geology) an increase in land resulting from alluvial deposits or water-borne sediment
	6. (law) an increase in a beneficiary's share in an estate (as when a co-beneficiary dies or fails to meet some condition or rejects the inheritance)

nugatory: a
	1. of no real value; "a nugatory law"

non compos mentis: a
	1. not of sound mind, memory, or understanding; in law, not competent to go to trial

bon mot: n
	1. a clever remark

bijou: n
	1. a small and delicately worked piece

apophthegm: n
	1. a short pithy instructive saying

caprice: n
	1. a sudden desire; "he bought it on an impulse"

elocution: n
	1. an expert manner of speaking involving control of voice and gesture

promulgate: v
	1. state or announce; "`I am not a Communist,' " he exclaimed; "The King will proclaim an amnesty"
	2. put a law into effect by formal declaration

veranda: n
	1. a porch along the outside of a building (sometimes partly enclosed)

gewgaw: n
	1. cheap showy jewelry or ornament on clothing

tenuous: a
	1. having little substance or significance; "a flimsy excuse"; "slight evidence"; "a tenuous argument"; "a thin plot"
	2. having thin consistency; "a tenuous fluid"
	3. very thin in gauge or diameter; "a tenuous thread"

conflate: v
	1. mix together different elements; "The colors blend well"

exultation: n
	1. a feeling of extreme joy
	2. the utterance of sounds expressing great joy

fecundity: n
	1. the intellectual fruitfulness of a creative imagination
	2. the state of being fertile; capable of producing offspring
	3. the quality of something that causes or assists healthy growth

screed: n
	1. a long monotonous harangue
	2. a long piece of writing
	3. an accurately levelled strip of material placed on a wall or floor as guide for the even application of plaster or concrete

chiasmus: n
	1. inversion in the second of two parallel phrases

tarantella: n
	1. music composed in six-eight time for dancing the tarantella
	2. a lively whirling Italian dance for two persons

metier: n
	1. an asset of special worth or utility; "cooking is his forte"
	2. an occupation for which you are especially well suited; "in law he found his true metier"

phenomenology: n
	1. a philosophical doctrine proposed by Edmund Husserl based on the study of human experience in which considerations of objective reality are not taken into account

ascription: n
	1. assigning some quality or character to a person or thing; "the attribution of language to birds"; "the ascription to me of honors I had not earned"
	2. assigning to a cause or source; "the attribution of lighting to an expression of God's wrath"; "he questioned the attribution of the painting to Picasso"

fatuous: a
	1. complacently or inanely foolish

dyspepsia: n
	1. a disorder of digestive function characterized by discomfort or heartburn or nausea

triad: n
	1. the cardinal number that is the sum of one and one and one
	2. a set of three similar things considered as a unit
	3. three people considered as a unit
	4. a 3-note major or minor chord; a note and its third and fifth tones

pert: a
	1. characterized by a lightly pert and exuberant quality; "a certain irreverent gaiety and ease of manner"

deride: v
	1. treat or speak of with contempt; "He derided his student's attempt to solve the biggest problem in mathematics"

loquacious: a
	1. full of trivial conversation; "kept from her housework by gabby neighbors"

debonair: a
	1. having a sophisticated charm; "a debonair gentleman"
	2. having a cheerful, lively, and self-confident air; "looking chipper, like a man...diverted by his own wit"- Frances G. Patton; "life that is gay, brisk, and debonair"- H.M.Reynolds; "walked with a jaunty step"; "a jaunty optimist"

bilk: v
	1. cheat somebody out of what is due, especially money
	2. hinder or prevent (the efforts, plans, or desires) of; "What ultimately frustrated every challenger was Ruth's amazing September surge"; "foil your opponent"
	3. evade payment to; "He bilked his creditors"
	4. escape, either physically or mentally; "The thief eluded the police"; "This difficult idea seems to evade her"; "The event evades explanation"

salacious: a
	1. characterized by lust; "eluding the lubricious embraces of her employer"; "her sensuous grace roused his lustful nature"; "prurient literature"; "prurient thoughts"; "a salacious rooster of a little man"
	2. suggestive of or tending to moral looseness; "lewd whisperings of a dirty old man"; "an indecent gesture"; "obscene telephone calls"; "salacious limericks"

efficacious: a
	1. marked by qualities giving the power to produce an intended effect; "written propaganda is less efficacious than the habits and prejudices...of the readers"-Aldous Huxley; "the medicine is efficacious in stopping a cough"
	2. producing or capable of producing an intended result or having a striking effect; "an air-cooled motor was more effective than a witch's broomstick for rapid long-distance transportation"-LewisMumford; "effective teaching methods"; "effective steps toward peace"; "made an effective entrance"; "his complaint proved to be effectual in bringing action"; "an efficacious law"

wastrel: n
	1. someone who dissipates resources self-indulgently

contiguous: a
	1. very close or connected in space or time; "contiguous events"; "immediate contact"; "the immediate vicinity"; "the immediate past"
	2. connecting without a break; within a common boundary; "the 48 conterminous states"; "the contiguous 48 states"
	3. having a common boundary or edge; touching; "abutting lots"; "adjoining rooms"; "Rhode Island has two bordering states; Massachusetts and Conncecticut"; "the side of Germany conterminous with France"; "Utah and the contiguous state of Idaho"; "neighboring cities"

abrogate: v
	1. revoke formally

surreptitious: a
	1. marked by quiet and caution and secrecy; taking pains to avoid being observed; "a furtive manner"; "a lurking prowler"; "a sneak attack"; "stealthy footsteps"; "a surreptitious glance at his watch"; "someone skulking in the shadows"
	2. conducted with or marked by hidden aims or methods; "clandestine intelligence operations"; "cloak-and-dagger activities behind enemy lines"; "hole-and-corner intrigue"; "secret missions"; "a secret agent"; "secret sales of arms"; "surreptitious mobilization of troops"; "an undercover investigation"; "underground resistance"

expurgate: v
	1. edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate; "bowdlerize a novel"

evince: v
	1. give expression to; "She showed her disappointment"

proximal: a
	1. situated nearest to point of attachment or origin; "the proximal end of a bone"

cuckold: v
	1. be sexually unfaithful to one's partner in marriage; "She cheats on her husband"; "Might her husband be wandering?"
cuckold: n
	1. a man whose wife committed adultery

nonpareil: n
	1. model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal
	2. colored beads of sugar used as a topping on e.g. candies and cookies
	3. a flat disk of chocolate covered with beads of colored sugar
nonpareil: a
	1. eminent beyond or above comparison; "matchless beauty"; "the team's nonpareil center fielder"; "she's one girl in a million"; "the one and only Muhammad Ali"; "a peerless scholar"; "infamy unmatched in the Western world"; "wrote with unmatchable clarity"; "unrivaled mastery of her art"

neologism: n
	1. a newly invented word or phrase
	2. the act of inventing a word or phrase

foible: n
	1. a behavioral attribute that is distinctive and peculiar to an individual
	2. the weaker part of a sword's blade from the forte to the tip

obstinate: v
	1. persist stubbornly; "he obstinates himself against all rational arguments"
obstinate: a
	1. stubbornly persistent in wrongdoing
	2. resistant to guidance or discipline; "Mary Mary quite contrary"; "an obstinate child with a violent temper"; "a perverse mood"; "wayward behavior"
	3. persisting in a reactionary stand

pugilism: n
	1. fighting with the fists

malaise: n
	1. physical discomfort (as mild sickness or depression)

sui generis: a
	1. constituting a class of its own; unique; "a history book sui generis"; "sui generis works like Mary Chestnut's Civil War diary"

perdition: n
	1. (Christianity) the abode of Satan and the forces of evil; where sinners suffer eternal punishment; "Hurl'd headlong...To bottomless perdition, there to dwell"- John Milton; "a demon from the depths of the pit"

genial: a
	1. diffusing warmth and friendliness; "an affable smile"; "an amiable gathering"; "cordial relations"; "a cordial greeting"; "a genial host"
	2. of or relating to the chin or median part of the lower jaw
	3. conducive to comfort; beneficial; "the genial sunshine"; "a kind climate"; "hot summer pavements are anything but kind to the feet"

bowdlerize: v
	1. edit by omitting or modifying parts considered indelicate; "bowdlerize a novel"

lithe: a
	1. gracefully slender; moving and bending with ease

propensity: n
	1. an inclination to do something; "he felt leanings toward frivolity"
	2. a natural inclination; "he has a proclivity for exaggeration"
	3. a disposition to behave in a certain way; "the aptness of iron to rust"; "the propensity of disease to spread"

mulish: a
	1. unreasonably rigid in the face of argument or entreaty or attack

besot: v
	1. make dull or stupid or muddle with drunkenness or infatuation

laugh: v
	1. produce laughter
laugh: n
	1. the sound of laughing
	2. a facial expression characteristic of a person laughing; "his face wrinkled in a silent laugh of derision"
	3. a humorous anecdote or remark intended to provoke laughter; "he told a very funny joke"; "he knows a million gags"; "thanks for the laugh"; "he laughed unpleasantly at hisown jest"; "even a schoolboy's jape is supposed to have some ascertainable point"

oeuvre: n
	1. the total output of a writer or artist (or a substantial part of it); "he studied the entire Wagnerian oeuvre"; "Picasso's work can be divided into periods"

ebullient: a
	1. joyously unrestrained

reticent: a
	1. temperamentally disinclined to talk
	2. cool and formal in manner
	3. reluctant to draw attention to yourself

monetize: v
	1. give legal value to or establish as the legal tender of a country; "They monetized the lira"

monograph: n
	1. a detailed and documented treatise on a particular subject

despondent: a
	1. without or almost without hope; "despondent about his failure"; "too heartsick to fight back"

languor: n
	1. a relaxed comfortable feeling
	2. a feeling of lack of interest or energy
	3. inactivity; showing an unusual lack of energy

prurient: a
	1. characterized by lust; "eluding the lubricious embraces of her employer"; "her sensuous grace roused his lustful nature"; "prurient literature"; "prurient thoughts"; "a salacious rooster of a little man"

undulate: v
	1. stir up (water) so as to form ripples
	2. occur in soft rounded shapes; "The hills rolled past"
	3. move in a wavy pattern or with a rising and falling motion; "The curtains undulated"; "the waves rolled towards the beach"
	4. increase and decrease in volume or pitch, as if in waves; "The singer's voice undulated"
undulate: a
	1. having a sinuate margin and rippled surface

prestidigitation: n
	1. manual dexterity in the execution of tricks

impetuous: a
	1. characterized by undue haste and lack of thought or deliberation; "a hotheaded decision"; "liable to such impulsive acts as hugging strangers"; "an impetuous display of spending and gambling"; "madcap escapades"; (`brainish' is archaic)
	2. marked by violent force; "impetuous heaving waves"

prescriptive: a
	1. giving directives or rules; "prescriptive grammar is concerned with norms of or rules for correct usage"
	2. based on or prescribing a norm or standard; "normative grammar"

carrel: n
	1. French surgeon and biologist who developed a way to suture and graft blood vessels (1873-1944)
	2. small individual study area in a library

churlish: a
	1. rude and boorish
	2. having a bad disposition; surly; "churlish as a bear"- Shakespeare

vituperate: v
	1. spread negative information about; "The Nazi propaganda vilified the Jews"

animadversion: n
	1. harsh criticism or disapproval

balkanize: v
	1. divide a territory into small, hostile states

epigone: n
	1. an inferior imitator of some distinguished writer or artist of musician

formicate: v
	1. crawl about like ants

woebegone: a
	1. worn and broken down by hard use; "a creaky shack"; "a decrepit bus...its seats held together with friction tape"; "a flea-bitten sofa"; "a run-down neighborhood"; "a woebegone old shack"
	2. affected by or full of grief or woe; "his sorrow...made him look...haggard and...woebegone"- George du Maurier

thistledown: n
	1. pappus of a thistle consisting of silky featherlike hairs attached to the seedlike fruit of a thistle

amenable: a
	1. disposed or willing to comply; "someone amenable to persuasion"; "the spirit indeed is willing but the flesh is weak"- Matthew 26:41
	2. readily reacting to suggestions and influences; "a responsive student"
	3. liable to answer to a higher authority; " the president is amenable to the constitutional court"

obeisance: n
	1. bending the head or body or knee as a sign of reverence or submission or shame
	2. the act of obeying; dutiful or submissive behavior with respect to another person

provenance: n
	1. where something originated or was nurtured in its early existence; "the birthplace of civilization"

mellifluous: a
	1. pleasing to the ear; "the dulcet tones of the cello"

diaphanous: a
	1. so thin as to transmit light; "a hat with a diaphanous veil"; "filmy wings of a moth"; "gauzy clouds of dandelion down"; "gossamer cobwebs"; "sheer silk stockings"; "transparent chiffon"; "vaporous silks"

coterie: n
	1. an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose

anomie: n
	1. personal state of isolation and anxiety resulting from a lack of social control and regulation
	2. lack of moral standards in a society

vicissitude: n
	1. a variation in circumstances or fortune at different times in your life or in the development of something; "the project was subject to the usual vicissitudes of exploratory research"
	2. mutability in life or nature (especially successive alternation from one condition to another)

tertiary: n
	1. from 63 million to 2 million years ago
tertiary: a
	1. coming next after the second and just before the fourth in position

fusty: a
	1. stale and unclean smelling
	2. old-fashioned and out of date

a posteriori: r
	1. derived from observed facts
a: n
	1. the blood group whose red cells carry the A antigen
	2. a metric unit of length equal to one ten billionth of a meter (or 0.0001 micron); used to specify wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation
	3. any of several fat-soluble vitamins essential for normal vision; prevents night blindness or inflammation or dryness of the eyes
	4. one of the four nucleotides used in building DNA; all four nucleotides have a common phosphate group and a sugar (ribose)
	5. (biochemistry) purine base found in DNA and RNA; pairs with thymine in DNA and with uracil in RNA
	6. the basic unit of electric current adopted under the Systeme International d'Unites; "a typical household circuit carries 15 to 50 amps"
	7. the 1st letter of the Roman alphabet
a posteriori: a
	1. involving reasoning from facts or particulars to general principals or from effects to causes; "a posteriori demonstration"
	2. requiring evidence for validation or support

ontological: a
	1. of or relating to ontology; "ontological speculations"

insouciant: a
	1. marked by blithe unconcern; "an ability to interest casual students"; "showed a casual disregard for cold weather"; "an utterly insouciant financial policy"; "an elegantly insouciant manner"; "drove his car with nonchalant abandon"; "was polite in a teasing nonchalant manner"

acute: n
	1. a mark (') placed above a vowel to indicate pronunciation
acute: a
	1. having or experiencing a rapid onset and short but severe course; "acute appendicitis"; "the acute phase of the illness"; "acute patients"
	2. extremely sharp or intense; "acute pain"; "felt acute annoyance"; "intense itching and burning"
	3. having or demonstrating ability to recognize or draw fine distinctions; "an acute observer of politics and politicians"; "incisive comments"; "icy knifelike reasoning"; "as sharp and incisive as the stroke of a fang"; "penetrating insight"; "frequent penetrative observations"
	4. of an angle; less than 90 degrees
	5. ending in a sharp point
	6. of critical importance and consequence; "an acute (or critical) lack of research funds"

extricate: v
	1. release from entanglement of difficulty; "I cannot extricate myself from this task"

unctuous: a
	1. unpleasantly and excessively suave or ingratiating in manner or speech; "buttery praise"; "gave him a fulsome introduction"; "an oily sycophantic press agent"; "oleaginous hypocrisy"; "smarmy self-importance"; "the unctuous Uriah Heep"

monopsony: n
	1. (economics) a market in which goods or services are offered by several sellers but there is only one buyer

fait accompli: n
	1. an irreversible accomplishment

arrant: a
	1. without qualification; used informally as (often pejorative) intensifiers; "an arrant fool"; "a complete coward"; "a consummate fool"; "a double-dyed villain"; "gross negligence"; "a perfect idiot"; "pure folly"; "what a sodding mess"; "stark staring mad"; "a thoroughgoing villain"; "utter nonsense"

consternation: n
	1. fear resulting from the awareness of danger

schadenfreude: n
	1. delight in another person's misfortune

gerund: n
	1. a noun formed from a verb (such as the `-ing' form of an English verb when used as a noun)

laconic: a
	1. brief and to the point; effectively cut short; "a crisp retort"; "a response so curt as to be almost rude"; "the laconic reply; `yes'"; "short and terse and easy to understand"

usufruct: n
	1. a legal right to use and derive profit from property belonging to someone else provided that the property itself is not injured in any way

ecclesiastic: n
	1. a clergyman or other person in religious orders
ecclesiastic: a
	1. of or associated with a church (especially a Christian Church); "ecclesiastic history"

proselytize: v
	1. convert to another faith or religion

eminent: a
	1. (used of persons) standing above others in character or attainment or reputation; "our distinguished professor"; "an eminent scholar"; "a great statesman"
	2. standing above others in quality or position; "people in high places"; "the high priest"; "eminent members of the community"
	3. having achieved eminence; "an eminent physician"
	4. of imposing height; especially standing out above others; "an eminent peak"; "lofty mountains"; "the soaring spires of the cathedral"; "towering iceburgs"

dirge: n
	1. a song or hymn of mourning composed or performed as a memorial to a dead person

dybbuk: n
	1. (Jewish folklore) a demon that enters the body of a living person and controls that body's behavior

patois: n
	1. a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves); "they don't speak our lingo"
	2. a regional dialect of a language (especially French); usually considered substandard

inchoate: a
	1. only partly in existence; imperfectly formed; "incipient civil disorder"; "an incipient tumor"; "a vague inchoate idea"

detritus: n
	1. the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up
	2. loose material (stone fragments and silt etc) that is worn away from rocks

plenary: a
	1. full in all respects; "a plenary session of the legislature"; "a diplomat with plenary powers"

roil: v
	1. be agitated; "the sea was churning in the storm"
	2. make turbid by stirring up the sediments of

exigency: n
	1. a pressing or urgent situation; "the health-care exigency"
	2. a sudden unforeseen crisis (usually involving danger) that requires immediate action; "he never knew what to do in an emergency"

topos: n
	1. a traditional theme or motif or literary convention; "James Joyce uses the topos of the Wandering Jew in his Ulysses"

parsimony: n
	1. extreme care in spending money; reluctance to spend money unnecessarily
	2. extreme stinginess

denouement: n
	1. the outcome of a complex sequence of events
	2. the final resolution of the main complication of a literary or dramatic work

coronal: n
	1. flower arrangement consisting of a circular band of foliage or flowers for ornamental purposes

caveat: n
	1. a warning against certain acts; "a caveat against unfair practices"
	2. (law) a formal notice filed with a court or officer to suspend a proceeding until filer is given a hearing; "a caveat filed against the probate of a will"

missive: n
	1. a written message addressed to a person or organization; "mailed an indignant letter to the editor"

languish: v
	1. lose vigor, health, or flesh, as through grief; "After her husband died, she just pined away"
	2. have a desire for something or someone who is not present; "She ached for a cigarette"; "I am pining for my lover"
	3. become feeble; "The prisoner has be languishing for years in the dungeon"

elan: n
	1. a feeling of strong eagerness (usually in favor of a person or cause); "they were imbued with a revolutionary ardor"; "he felt a kind of religious zeal"
	2. distinctive and stylish elegance; "he wooed her with the confident dash of a cavalry officer"
	3. enthusiastic and assured vigor and liveliness; "a performance of great elan and sophistication"

specious: a
	1. plausible but false; "specious reasoning"; "the spurious inferences from obsolescent notions of causality"- Ethel Albert
	2. plausible but false; "a specious claim"
	3. based on pretense; deceptively pleasing; "the gilded and perfumed but inwardly rotten nobility"; "meretricious praise"; "a meretricious argument"

elucidation: n
	1. an act of explaining that serves to clear up and cast light on
	2. an interpretation that removes obstacles to understanding; "the professor's clarification helped her to understand the textbook"

eisegesis: n
	1. personal interpretation of a text (especially of the Bible) using your own ideas

vitiate: v
	1. corrupt morally or by intemperance or sensuality; "debauch the young people with wine and women"; "Socrates was accused of corrupting young men"; "Do school counselors subvert young children?"; "corrupt the morals"
	2. make imperfect; "nothing marred her beauty"
	3. take away the legal force of or render ineffective; "invalidateas a contract"

truckle: v
	1. yield to out of weakness
	2. try to gain favor by cringing or flattering; "He is always kowtowing to his boss"
truckle: n
	1. a low bed to be slid under a higher bed

perennial: n
	1. a plant lasting for three seasons or more
perennial: a
	1. lasting three seasons or more; "the common buttercup is a popular perennial plant"
	2. lasting an indefinitely long time; suggesting self-renewal; "perennial happiness"
	3. recurring again and again; "perennial efforts to stipulate the requirements"

polemic: n
	1. a writer who argues in opposition to others (especially in theology)
	2. a controversy (especially over a belief or dogma)
polemic: a
	1. of or involving dispute or controversy

pied-a-terre: n
	1. lodging for occasional or secondary use; "they bought a pied-a-terre in London"
pied: a
	1. having sections or patches colored differently and usually brightly; "a jester dressed in motley"; "the painted desert"; "a particolored dress"; "a piebald horse"; "pied daisies"

anathema: n
	1. a detested person; "he is an anathema to me"
	2. a formal ecclesiastical curse accompanied by excommunication

perfunctory: a
	1. hasty and without attention to detail; not thorough; "a casual (or cursory) inspection failed to reveal the house's structural flaws"; "a passing glance"; "perfunctory courtesy"
	2. as a formality only; "a one-candidate pro forma election"

glib: a
	1. marked by lack of intellectual depth; "glib generalizations"; "a glib response to a complex question"
	2. having only superficial plausibility; "glib promises"; "a slick commercial"
	3. artfully persuasive in speech; "a glib tongue"; "a smooth-tongued hypocrite"

harangue: v
	1. deliver a harangue to; address forcefully
harangue: n
	1. a loud bombastic declamation expressed with strong emotion

rabble: n
	1. a disorderly crowd of people
	2. disparaging terms for the common people

opulence: n
	1. wealth as evidenced by sumptuous living

assonance: n
	1. the repetition of similar vowels in the stressed syllables of successive words

accede: v
	1. submit or yield to another's wish or opinion; "The government bowed to the military pressure"
	2. take on duties or office; "accede to the throne"
	3. to agree or express agreement; "The Maestro assented to the request for an encore"

bereft: a
	1. unhappy in love; suffering from unrequited love
	2. sorrowful through loss or deprivation; "bereft of hope"

coquet: v
	1. talk or behave amorously, without serious intentions; "The guys always try to chat up the new secretaries"; "My husband never flirts with other women"

craven: n
	1. an abject coward
craven: a
	1. lacking even the rudiments of courage; abjectly fearful; "the craven fellow turned and ran"; "a craven proposal to raise the white flag"; "this recreant knight"- Spenser

tryst: n
	1. a date; usually with a member of the opposite sex
	2. a secret rendezvous (especially between lovers)

avaricious: a
	1. immoderately desirous of acquiring e.g. wealth; "they are avaricious and will do anything for money"; "casting covetous eyes on his neighbor's fields"; "a grasping old miser"; "grasping commercialism"; "greedy for money and power"; "grew richer and greedier"; "prehensile employers stingy with raises for their employees"

incumbent: n
	1. the official who holds an office
incumbent: a
	1. lying or leaning on something else; "an incumbent geological formation"
	2. currently holding an office; "the incumbent governor"

pule: v
	1. cry weakly or softly; "she wailed with pain"

contrition: n
	1. sorrow for sin arising from fear of damnation

contemporaneous: a
	1. occurring in the same period of time; "a rise in interest rates is often contemporaneous with an increase in inflation"; "the composer Salieri was contemporary with Mozart"
	2. of the same period

catechism: n
	1. a series of question put to an individual (such as a political candidate) to elicit their views
	2. an elementary book summarizing the principles of a Christian religion; written as questions and answers

umbra: n
	1. a region of complete shadow resulting from total obstruction of light

svelte: a
	1. showing a high degree of refinement and the assurance that comes from wide social experience; "his polished manner"; "maintained an urbane tone in his letters"
	2. gracefully slender; moving and bending with ease

depredation: n
	1. an act of plundering and pillaging and marauding
	2. (usually plural) a destructive action; "the ravages of time"; "the depradations of age and disease"

cabal: v
	1. engage in plotting or enter into a conspiracy, swear together; "They conspired to overthrow the government"
cabal: n
	1. a clique (often secret) that seeks power usually through intrigue
	2. a plot to carry out some harmful or illegal act (especially a political plot)

argot: n
	1. a characteristic language of a particular group (as among thieves); "they don't speak our lingo"

season: v
	1. lend flavor to; "Season the chicken breast after roasting it"
	2. make fit; "This trip will season even the hardiest traveller"
	3. make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate; "she tempered her criticism"
bee: n
	1. any of numerous hairy-bodied insects including social and solitary species
	2. a social gathering to carry out some communal task or to hold competitions

inculcate: v
	1. teach and impress by frequent repetitions or admonitions; "inculcate values into the young generation"

ruminate: v
	1. chew the cuds; "cows ruminate"
	2. reflect deeply on a subject; "I mulled over the events of the afternoon"; "philosophers have speculated on the question of God for thousands of years"; "The scientist must stop to observe and start to excogitate"

sacrosanct: a
	1. must be kept sacred

consternation: n
	1. fear resulting from the awareness of danger

diadem: n
	1. an ornamental jewelled headdress signifying sovereignty

supplicate: v
	1. ask humbly (for something); "He supplicated the King for clemency"
	2. make a humble, earnest petition; "supplicate for permission"
	3. ask for humbly or earnestly, as in prayer; "supplicate God's blessing"

profundity: n
	1. wisdom that is recondite and abstruse and profound; "the anthropologist was impressed by the reconditeness of the native proverbs"
	2. intellectual depth; penetrating knowledge; keen insight; etc; "the depth of my feeling"; "the profoundness of the silence"
	3. the intellectual ability to penetrate deeply into ideas
	4. the quality of being physically deep; "the profundity of the mine was almost a mile"

palanquin: n
	1. a closed litter carried on the shoulders of four bearers

dint: n
	1. interchangeable with `means' in the expression `by dint of'

mesalliance: n
	1. a marriage with a person of inferior social status

sordid: a
	1. morally degraded; "a seedy district"; "the seamy side of life"; "sleazy characters hanging around casinos"; "sleazy storefronts with...dirt on the walls"- Seattle Weekly; "the sordid details of his orgies stank under his very nostrils"- James Joyce; "the squalid atmosphere of intrigue and betrayal"
	2. unethical or dishonest; "dirty police officers"; "a sordid political campaign"
	3. foul and run-down and repulsive; "a flyblown bar on the edge of town"; "a squalid overcrowded apartment in the poorest part of town"; "squalid living conditions"; "sordid shantytowns"
	4. meanly avaricious and mercenary; "sordid avarice"; "sordid material interests"

effete: a
	1. marked by excessive self-indulgence and moral decay; "a decadent life of excessive money and no sense of responsibility"; "a group of effete self-professed intellectuals"

pollyannaish: a
	1. pleasantly (even unrealistically) optimistic

caesura: n
	1. a pause or interruption (as in a conversation); "after an ominous caesura the preacher continued"
	2. a break or pause (usually for sense) in the middle of a verse line

impugn: v
	1. attack as false or wrong

quiescence: n
	1. a state of quiet (but possibly temporary) inaction; "the volcano erupted after centuries of dormancy"
	2. quiet and inactive restfulness

arrears: n
	1. the state of being behind in payments; "an account in arrears"
	2. an unpaid overdue debt

frisson: n
	1. an almost pleasurable sensation of fright; "a frisson of surprise shot through him"

emetic: n
	1. a medicine that induces nausea and vomiting

synecdoche: n
	1. substituting a more inclusive term for a less inclusive one or vice versa

petulant: a
	1. easily irritated or annoyed; "an incorrigibly fractious young man"; "not the least nettlesome of his countrymen"

laudable: a
	1. worthy of high praise; "applaudable efforts to save the environment"; "a commendable sense of purpose"; "laudable motives of improving housing conditions"; "a significant and praiseworthy increase in computer intelligence"

aforethought: a
	1. planned in advance; "with malice aforethought"

pall: v
	1. become less interesting or attractive
	2. cause to lose courage; "dashed by the refusal"
	3. cover with a pall
	4. cause surfeit through excess though initially pleasing; "Too much spicy food cloyed his appetite"
	5. cause to become flat; "pall the beer"
	6. lose sparkle or bouquet; "wine and beer can pall"
	7. lose strength or effectiveness; become or appear boring, insipid, or tiresome (to); "the course palled on her"
	8. get tired of something or somebody
pall: n
	1. a sudden numbing dread
	2. burial garment in which a corpse is wrapped
	3. hanging cloth used as a blind (especially for a window)

tack: v
	1. fasten with tacks; "tack the notice on the board"
	2. turn into the wind; "The sailors decided to tack the boat"; "The boat tacked"
	3. make by putting pieces together; "She pieced a quilt"; "He tacked together some verses"
	4. sew together loosely, with large stitches; "baste a hem"
	5. fix to; attach; "append a charm to the necklace"
	6. reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action)
tack: n
	1. the heading or position of a vessel relative to the trim of its sails
	2. a short nail with a sharp point and a large head
	3. gear for a horse
	4. (nautical) a line (rope or chain) that regulates the angle at which a sail is set in relation to the wind
	5. (nautical) the act of changing tack
	6. sailing a zigzag course

onerous: a
	1. not easily borne; wearing; "the burdensome task of preparing the income tax return"; "my duties weren't onerous; I only had to greet the guests"; "a taxing schedule"

weatherman: n
	1. predicts the weather

abstruse: a
	1. difficult to penetrate; incomprehensible to one of ordinary understanding or knowledge; "the professor's lectures were so abstruse that students tended to avoid them"; "a deep metaphysical theory"; "some recondite problem in historiography"

tulle: n
	1. a fine (often starched) net used for veils or tutus or gowns

nebulous: a
	1. lacking definite form or limits; "gropes among cloudy issues toward a feeble conclusion"- H.T.Moore; "nebulous distinction between pride and conceit"
	2. lacking definition or definite content; "nebulous reasons"; "unfixed as were her general notions of what men ought to be"- Jane Austen

labile: a
	1. open to change; liable to change; "an emotionally labile person"
	2. (chemistry, physics, biology) readily undergoing change or breakdown

jilt: v
	1. cast aside capriciously or unfeelingly; "jilt a lover or a bride"
jilt: n
	1. a woman who jilts a lover

epistolary: a
	1. written in the form of or carried on by letters or correspondence; "an endless sequence of epistolary love affairs"; "the epistolatory novel"

scurrility: n
	1. foul-mouthed or obscene abuse

perspicacity: n
	1. intelligence manifested by being astute (as in business dealings)
	2. the capacity to assess situations or circumstances shrewdly and to draw sound conclusions

syncretic: a
	1. relating to a historical tendency for a language to reduce its use of inflections; "modern English is a syncretic language"
	2. of or characterized by syncretism

dolor: n
	1. (poetry) painful grief

epithet: n
	1. a defamatory or abusive word or phrase; "sticks and stones may break my bones but names can never hurt me"
	2. descriptive word or phrase

facile: a
	1. arrived at without due care or effort; lacking depth; "too facile a solution for so complex a problem"
	2. performing adroitly and without effort; "her easy grace"; "a facile hand"
	3. expressing yourself readily, clearly, effectively; "able to dazzle with his facile tongue"; "silver speech"

hubris: n
	1. overbearing pride or presumption

mephistophelean: a
	1. showing the cunning or ingenuity or wickedness typical of a devil; "devilish schemes"; "the cold calculation and diabolic art of some statesmen"; "the diabolical expression on his face"; "a mephistophelian glint in his eye"

cogent: a
	1. having the power to influence or convince; "a cogent analysis of the problem"; "potent arguments"
	2. powerfully persuasive; "a cogent argument"; "a telling presentation"; "a weighty argument"

explicate: v
	1. make palin and comprehensible; "He explained the laws of physics to his students"
	2. elaborate, as of theories and hypotheses; "Could you develop the ideas in your thesis"

remonstrate: v
	1. argue in protest or opposition
	2. present and urge reasons in opposition
	3. censure severely or angrily; "The mother scolded the child for entering a stranger's car"; "The deputy ragged the Prime Minister"; "The customer dressed down the waiter for bringing cold soup"

wend: v
	1. direct one's course or way; "wend yoour way through the crowds"

indemnify: v
	1. secure against future loss, damage, or liability; give security for; "This plan indemnifies workers against wages lost through illness"
	2. make amends for; pay compensation for; "One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich"; "She was compensated for the loss of her arm in the accident"

magnanimous: a
	1. noble and generous in spirit; "a greathearted general"; "a magnanimous conqueror"
	2. generous and understanding and tolerant; "a heart big enough to hold no grudges"; "that's very big of you to be so forgiving"; "a large and generous spirit"; "a large heart"; "magnanimous toward his enemies"

efficacy: n
	1. capacity or power to produce a desired effect; "concern about the safety and efficacy of the vaccine"

amalgamate: v
	1. to bring or combine together or with something else; "resourcefully he mingled music and dance"
amalgamate: a
	1. joined together into a whole; "United Industries"; "the amalgamated colleges constituted a university"; "a consolidated school"

somnambulate: v
	1. walk in one's sleep

taffeta: n
	1. a crisp smooth lustrous fabric

salutary: a
	1. tending to promote physical well-being; beneficial to health; "beneficial effects of a balanced diet"; "a good night's sleep"; "the salutary influence of pure air"

meritorious: a
	1. deserving reward or praise; "a lifetime of meritorious service"; "meritorious conduct"

cajole: v
	1. influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering; "He palavered her into going along"

mollify: v
	1. cause to be more favorably inclined; gain the good will of; "She managed to mollify the angry customer"
	2. make more temperate, acceptable, or suitable by adding something else; moderate; "she tempered her criticism"
	3. make less rigid or softer

maunder: v
	1. wander aimlessly
	2. talk indistinctly; usually in a low voice
	3. speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly

verdant: a
	1. characterized by abundance of verdure

modicum: n
	1. a small or moderate or token amount; "England still expects a modicum of eccentricity in its artists"- Ian Jack

malaprop: n
	1. the unintentional misuse of a word by confusion with one that sounds similar

maven: n
	1. someone who is dazzlingly skilled in any field

provost: n
	1. a high-ranking university administrator

libation: n
	1. (facetious) a serving of an alcoholic beverage
	2. a serving (of wine) poured out in honor of a deity
	3. the act of pouring a liquid offering (especially wine) as a religious ceremony

holistic: a
	1. emphasizing the organic or functional relation between parts and the whole

sententious: a
	1. abounding in or given to pompous or aphoristic moralizing; "too often the significant episode deteriorates into sententious conversation"- Kathleen Barnes
	2. concise and full of meaning; "welcomed her pithy comments"; "the peculiarly sardonic and sententious style in which Don Luis composed his epigrams"- Hervey Allen

approbation: n
	1. official approval
	2. official recognition or approval

disparage: v
	1. express a negative opinion of; "She disparaged her student's efforts"

etiology: n
	1. the cause of a disease
	2. the philosophical study of causation

parenthetic: a
	1. as if using parentheses; "a parenthetical style"
	2. qualifying or explaining; placed or as if placed in parentheses; "parenthetical remarks"

wan: v
	1. become pale and sickly
wan: n
	1. a computer network that spans a wider area than does a local area network
wan: a
	1. (of light) lacking in intensity or brightness; dim or feeble; "the pale light of a half moon"; "a pale sun"; "the late afternoon light coming through the el tracks fell in pale oblongs on the street"; "a pallid sky"; "the pale (or wan) stars"; "the wan light of dawn"
	2. abnormally deficient in color as suggesting physical or emotional distress; "the pallid face of the invalid"; "her wan face suddenly flushed"
	3. lacking vitality as from weariness or illness or unhappiness; "a wan smile"

lothario: n
	1. a successful womanizer (after a fictional seducer)

parapet: n
	1. a low wall along the edge of a roof or balcony
	2. fortification consisting of a low wall

derelict: n
	1. a person unable to support himself
	2. a ship abandoned on the high seas
derelict: a
	1. deserted or abandoned as by an owner; "a derelict ship"
	2. failing in what duty requires; "derelict (or delinquent) in his duty"; "neglectful of his duties"; "remiss of you not to pay your bills"

kudzu: n
	1. fast-growing vine from eastern Asia having hairy trifoliate leaves and racemes of purple flowers followed by long many-seed hairy pods and tuberous starchy roots; grown for fodder and forage and root starch; widespread in the southern United States

prexy: n
	1. the head administrative officer of a college or university

mordant: n
	1. a substance used to treat leather or other materials before dyeing; aids in dyeing process
mordant: a
	1. harshly ironic or sinister; "black humor"; "a grim joke"; "grim laughter"; "fun ranging from slapstick clowning ... to savage mordant wit"

brazen: v
	1. face with defiance or impudence; "brazen it out"
brazen: a
	1. unrestrained by convention or propriety; "an audacious trick to pull"; "a barefaced hypocrite"; "the most bodacious display of tourism this side of Anaheim"- Los Angeles Times; "bold-faced lies"; "brazen arrogance"; "the modern world with its quick material successes and insolent belief in the boundless possibilities of progress"- Bertrand Russell
	2. made of or resembling brass (as in color or hardness)

forthwith: r
	1. without delay or hesitation; with no time intervening; "he answered immediately"; "found an answer straightaway"; "an official accused of dishonesty should be suspended forthwith"; "Come here now!"

convivial: a
	1. occupied with or fond of the pleasures of good company; "a convivial atmosphere at the reunion"; "a woman of convivial nature"; "he was a real good-time Charlie"

mimesis: n
	1. the imitative representation of nature and human behavior in art and literature
	2. any disease that shows symptoms characteristic of another disease
	3. the representation of another person's words in a speech

antipode: n
	1. direct opposite; "quiet: an antipode to focused busyness"

aphorism: n
	1. a short pithy instructive saying

lugubrious: a
	1. excessively mournful

turpitude: n
	1. a corrupt or depraved or degenerate act or practice; "the various turpitudes of modern society"

erratum: n
	1. a mistake in printed matter resulting from mechanical failures of some kind

outre: a
	1. conspicuously or grossly unconventional or unusual; "restaurants of bizarre design--one like a hat, another like a rabbit"; "famed for his eccentric spelling"; "a freakish combination of styles"; "his off-the-wall antics"; "the outlandish clothes of teenagers"; "outre and affected stage antics"

sophist: n
	1. any of a group of Greek philosophers and teachers in the 5th century BC who speculated on a wide range of subjects
	2. someone whose reasoning is subtle and often specious

chaparral: n
	1. dense vegetation consisting of stunted trees or bushes

sinecure: n
	1. a benefice to which no spiritual or pastoral duties are attached
	2. an office that involves minimal duties

portmanteau: n
	1. a new word formed by joining two others and combining their meanings; "`smog' is a blend of `smoke' and `fog'"; "`motel' is a portmanteau word made by combining `motor' and `hotel'"; "`brunch' is a well-known portmanteau"
	2. a large travelling bag made of stiff leather

carafe: n
	1. a bottle with a stopper; for serving wine or water

iatrogenic: a
	1. induced by a physician's words or therapy (used especially of a complication resulting from treatment)

out: r
	1. outside of an enclosed space; "she is out"
	2. outward from a reference point; "he kicked his legs out"
	3. away from home; "they went out last night"
	4. from one's possession; "he gave out money to the poor"; "gave away the tickets"
mete out: v
	1. administer or bestow, as in small portions; "administer critical remarks to everyone present"; "dole out some money"; "shell out pocket money for the children"; "deal a blow to someone"
mete: n
	1. a line that indicates a boundary
out: a
	1. not allowed to continue to bat or run; "he was tagged out at second on a close play"; "he fanned out"
	2. of a fire; being out or having grown cold; "threw his extinct cigarette into the stream";  "the fire is out"
	3. not worth considering as a possibility; "a picnic is out because of the weather"
	4. out of power; especially having been unsuccessful in an election; "now the Democrats are out"
	5. excluded from use or mention; "forbidden fruit"; "in our house dancing and playing cards were out"; "a taboo subject"
	6. directed outward or serving to direct something outward; "the out doorway"; "the out basket"
	7. no longer fashionable; "that style is out these days"
	8. outside or external; "the out surface of a ship's hull"
	9. outer or outlying; "the out islands"
	10. knocked unconscious by a heavy blow

koan: n
	1. a paradoxical annecdote or a riddle that has no solution; used in Zen Buddhism to show the inadequacy of logical reasoning

divan: n
	1. a long backless sofa (usually with pillows against a wall)
	2. a Muslim council of state
	3. a collection of Persian or Arabic poems (usually by one author)
	4. a Muslim council chamber or law court

dearth: n
	1. an acute insufficiency
	2. an insufficient quantity or number

suppuration: n
	1. (medicine) the formation of morbific matter in an abscess or a vesicle and the discharge of pus
	2. a fluid product of inflammation

paragon: n
	1. an ideal instance; a perfect embodiment of a concept
	2. model of excellence or perfection of a kind; one having no equal

apostate: n
	1. a disloyal person who betrays or deserts his cause or religion or political party or friend etc.
apostate: a
	1. not faithful to religion or party or cause

portico: n
	1. a porch or entrance to a building consisting of a covered and often columned area

collateral: n
	1. a security pledged for the repayment of a loan
collateral: a
	1. descended from a common ancestor but through different lines; "cousins are collateral relatives"; "an indirect descendant of the Stuarts"
	2. serving to support or corroborate; "collateral evidence"
	3. accompaniment to something else; "collateral target damage from a bombing run"
	4. situated or running side by side; "collateral ridges of mountains"

perspicacious: a
	1. acutely insightful and wise; "much too perspicacious to be taken in by such a spurious argument"; "observant and thoughtful, he was given to asking sagacious questions"; "a source of valuable insights and sapient advice to educators"
	2. mentally acute or penetratingly discerning; "too clear-eyed not to see what problems would follow"; "chaos could be prevented only by clear-sighted leadership"; "much too perspicacious to be taken in by so spurious an argument"

sus: n
	1. type genus of the Suidae

stop: v
	1. come to a halt, stop moving; "the car stopped"; "She stopped in front of a store window"
	2. put an end to a state or an activity; "Quit teasing your little brother"
	3. stop from happening or developing; "Block his election"; "Halt the process"
	4. interrupt a trip; "we stopped at Aunt Mary's house"; "they stopped for three days in Florence"
	5. cause to stop; "stop a car"; "stop the thief"
	6. prevent completion; "stop the project"; "break off the negociations"
	7. hold back, as of a danger or an enemy; check the expansion or influence of; "Arrest the downward trend"; "Check the growth of communism in Sout East Asia"; "Contain the rebel movement"; "Turn back the tide of communism"
	8. seize on its way; "The fighter plane was ordered to intercept an aircraft that had entered the country's airspace"
	9. have an end, in a temporal, spatial, or quantitative sense; either spatial or metaphorical; "the bronchioles terminate in a capillary bed"; "Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other"; "My property ends by the bushes"; "The symphony ends in a pianissimo"
	10. render unsuitable for passage; "block the way"; "barricade the streets"; "stop the busy road"
	11. stop and wait, as if awaiting further instructions or developments; "Hold on a moment!"
stop: n
	1. the event of something ending; "it came to a stop at the bottom of the hill"
	2. the act of stopping something; "the third baseman made some remarkable stops"; "his stoppage of the flow resulted in a flood"
	3. a brief stay in the course of a journey; "they made a stopover to visit their friends"
	4. the state of inactivity following an interruption; "the negotiations were in arrest"; "held them in check"; "during the halt he got some lunch"; "the momentary stay enabled him to escape the blow"; "he spent the entire stop in his seat"
	5. a spot where something halts or pauses; "his next stop is Atlanta"
	6. a consonant produced by stopping the flow of air at some point and suddenly releasing it; "his stop consonants are too aspirated"
	7. a punctuation mark (.) placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations; "in England they call a period a stop"
	8. (music) a knob on an organ that is pulled to change the sound quality from the organ pipes; "the organist pulled out all the stops"
	9. a mechanical device in a camera that controls size of aperture of the lens; "the new cameras adjust the diaphragm automatically"
	10. a restraint that checks the motion of something; "he used a book as a stop to hold the door open"
	11. an obstruction in a pipe or tube; "we had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe"

pageantry: n
	1. a rich and spectacular ceremony
	2. an elaborate representation of scenes from history etc; usually involves a parade with rich costumes

ecumenical: a
	1. concerned with promoting unity among churches or religions; "ecumenical thinking"; "ecumenical activities"; "the ecumenical movement"
	2. of worldwide scope or applicability; "an issue of cosmopolitan import"; "the shrewdest political and ecumenical comment of our time"- Christopher Morley; "universal experience"

roustabout: n
	1. a member of a ship's crew who performs manual labor

apostasy: n
	1. the state of having rejected your religious beliefs or your political party or a cause (often in favor of opposing beliefs or causes)
	2. the act of abandoning a party or cause

palaver: v
	1. speak (about unimportant matters) rapidly and incessantly
	2. influence or urge by gentle urging, caressing, or flattering; "He palavered her into going along"
	3. have a lengthy discussion, usually between people of different backgrounds
palaver: n
	1. flattery intended to persuade
	2. loud and confused and empty talk; "mere rhetoric"

stolid: a
	1. having or revealing little emotion or sensibility; not easily aroused or excited; "her impassive remoteness"; "he remained impassive, showing neither interest in nor concern for our plight"- Nordhoff & Hall; "a silent stolid creature who took it all as a matter of course"-Virginia Woolf; "her face showed nothing but stolid indifference"

inure: v
	1. cause to accept or become hardened to; habituate; "He was inured to the cold"

execrate: v
	1. find repugnant; "I loathe that man"; "She abhors cats"
	2. curse or declare to be evil or anathema or threaten with divine punishment

syllogism: n
	1. deductive reasoning in which a conclusion is derived from two premises

adjudicate: v
	1. put on trial or hear a case and sit as the judge at the trial of; "The football star was tried for the murder of his wife"; "The judge tried both father and son in separate trials"
	2. bring to an end; settle conclusively; "The case was decided"; "The judge decided the case in favor of the plaintiff"; "The father adjudicated when the sons were quarreling over their inheritance"

rapt: a
	1. deeply moved; "sat completely still, enraptured by the music"; "listened with rapt admiration"; "rapt in reverie"
	2. wholly absorbed as in thought; "deep in thought"; "that engrossed look or rapt delight"; "the book had her totally engrossed"; "enwrapped in dreams"; "so intent on this fantastic...narrative that she hardly stirred"- Walter de la Mare; "rapt with wonder"; "wrapped in thought"

sapient: a
	1. acutely insightful and wise; "much too perspicacious to be taken in by such a spurious argument"; "observant and thoughtful, he was given to asking sagacious questions"; "a source of valuable insights and sapient advice to educators"

parochial: a
	1. relating to or supported by or located in a parish; "parochial schools"
	2. narrowly restricted in outlook or scope; "little sympathy with parocial mentality"; "insular attitudes toward foreigners"

repudiate: v
	1. cast off or disown; "She renounced her husband